#399 Transfer script documentation (#400)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/houdini/scripts/transfer.md

| **radius**            | Optional | float          | None   | Radius attribute that will be set to the AdnSoftWrap deformers created. |
| **max_points**        | Optional | integer        | None   | Maximum points attribute that will be set to the AdnSoftWrap deformers created. |
| **piece_attrib_name** | Optional | string         | `path` | String defining the name of the primitive attribute that will be used to identify each muscle geometry. |
| **report_data**       | Optional | dictionary     | None   | A dictionary (`{"errors": [], "warnings": []}`) to capture any issues during execution. |

## How To Use

1. Open a scene containing all the geometries to be provided to AdnTransfer.

2. Create the arguments for the `apply_transfer` function.

<pre><code style="white-space: pre; margin: 20px 0; padding: 10px; box-sizing: border-box;">morphed_skin = "/obj/geo1/skin_GEOShape"
morphed_mummy = "/obj/geo1/mummy_GEOShape"
sim_skin = "/obj/geo1/simSkin_GEOShape"
fat = "/obj/geo1/fat_GEOShape"
muscles = "/obj/geo1/muscles_GRP"
fascia = "/obj/geo1/fascia_GEOShape"
radius = 7.0
max_points = 20
report_data = {"errors": [], "warnings": []}
</code></pre>

> 3. Run the following command in a Python Script tab by providing the previous arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following command in a Python Source Editor or Python Shell window by providing the previous arguments.
```

Author: Done. Applied this also to turbo.md (Houdini).
